Features/Fixed to do:
---------------------
base64 each domain's favicon and embed in exported bookmarks, because ffox supports it

Look for rel="icon" link elements in HTML (some sites, like ours, don't put the icon at /favicon.ico)

Force favicon to display at 16x16

Even though favicons are cached we seem to request them every time the page loads :-/

Visually distinguish visits that are already bookmarks

Figure out how to deal unicode search

Allow user to define a tag that all their clicks get given for a
particular length of time. e.g. If someone is researching a vacation
they can tell us that they want all their clicks to be tagged vacation
until they switch it off.

Display referrer information

Allow blocked domains to be browsed and edited

Implement domain browser that allows visits to domains to be viewed.

Ignore pages with a Content-Length header over a threshold

Some kind of disk space usage statistics

Allow clicky sorting of table by visits, etc.

Charts of activity over time (clicks per hour/day. different sites)

Create queue for indexing and removing from index to defend against
race conditions and batch index changes for effieciency

Visually distinguish each day in history

RSS clickstream output

Calendar view

Make SearchClicks a LivePage, not a live fragment

Allow export of clicks and bookmarks in .zip or email. Use mozilla
bookmark format.

Allow "bookmark this" function from browser and/or clicks list.

Bookmarks view

Build some tagging UI.

Incorporate Alexa info:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/browse.html/104-7021508-1251135?node=12782661

Look at other APIs that may be relevant/useful:
http://www.programmableweb.com/apis

Bookmarklet

Quick search thingy

-UI
Visual tweaks (bring back old nav style or better)
Logout link to __logout__
Display username at the top of the page

- Signup
Enter email address
Receive email from cc.com
Go to cc.com and see "Welcome moe@divmod.com" please enter password
Email address entry checks (empty string, no @, etc. Quotient may have some code for this)

- Options
Number of items per page (remove from browser page)
Don't share anonymous clicks
Password
Export data

- Public site (i.e. non-logged in view of cc.com)
Scrolling "Recent clicks"
Privacy Policy
FAQ
Popular most clicks
Zeitgeist highest rate of change of clicks
Clicks per day chart
Sites per day chart

- Private stats
Same as public site

- Extension
Compile Greasemonkey script into standalone extension OR Fix our
extension and move title stuff to server
Allow uname, pword to be set so user does not need to log in
Add record/pause UI
Implement "exits from this page" option in extention.
Use https to post urls to the server

- Environment for going live
Set XAPIAN_PREFER_FLINT=1 in the environment to ensure flint format xapian db
Install additional encoding a la erinq


Features/Fixed done:
--------------------
Display favicon (DONE)
Strip css out of html (DONE)
The visible text for anchors does not get indexed (it's gobbled up by the html tag stripper) (DONE)
Investigate beautiful soup for html parsing (DONE)
Add "ignore" attribute to domains (DONE)
Track and record referrer information. (DONE)
Figure out how to do unicode indexing (DONE)


Tests to do:
------------
Search fragment test
Performance tests
Automated code coverage reporting
Functional tests e.g. login, click around the table, change password, search
Unicode indexing
Unicode search

Tests done:
-----------
Visit MRU
- set maxVisits to a small number and ensure that visits get removed correclty (DONE)
- try revisiting a site in the list and make sure it does the right thing (DONE)
  
Referrer
- referrer set to Visit or BookmarkVisit as needed (DONE)

Visit added
- Domain created (DONE)
- Visit count adjusted (DONE)

Visit cached
- File exists (DONE)
- Length of file is not 0 (DONE)

Visit counts
- Visit an url multiple times and ensure domain and visit visitCounts increment (DONE)

Repeat visits
- New visit is not created (DONE)
- visitCount is incremented (DONE)
- Existing visit time is updated (DONE)

Visit removed/forgotten
- document with Visit storeID is removed from index (DONE)
- cached file is removed (DONE)

Domain Blocked
- Flag is set correctly on domain (DONE)
- Exisiting visits removed; counts adjusted (DONE)
- Subsequent visits to blocked domain do not create visits or increment counts (DONE)

Visit indexed
- able to retrieve Documente by storeID (DONE)
- number of docs in index makes sense (NB. an empty SmartIndex contains 1 doc before any have been added) (DONE)
- get a hit when searching (DONE)
